Adapt unit-tests now Lmod is default module tool (#226)
easybuilders/easybuild-docs: docs/unit-tests.md

#### Modules tool to use for running tests {: #unit_tests_modules_tool }

One particular configuration option worth mentioning explicitly is the modules tool that is to be used by the EasyBuild
framework, which is by default Lmod, referred to as `Lmod` in EasyBuild configuration terms (see `eb --help` and
`eb --avail-modules-tools`).

To run the EasyBuild framework unit tests with a particular modules tool, simply define the
`$TEST_EASYBUILD_MODULES_TOOL` environment variable with the corresponding value. For example::

``` shell
export TEST_EASYBUILD_MODULES_TOOL=EnvironmentModules
```

Just like for EasyBuild itself, the EasyBuild framework unit test suite expects that the modules tool binary/script

> (`modulecmd`, `modulecmd.tcl` or `lmod`) is available via `$PATH` or referred in a module tool-specific environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`modulecmd`, `modulecmd.tcl` or `lmod`) is available via `$PATH` or referenced via a module tool-specific environment
```
